This project was a bit challenging due to issues with Tableau not handling the larger filesizes well. I had a couple instances where the public version  had to re-load the datasets to be able to publish the Analysis. Initially, I was trying to stitch 3 monthly files to create a quarterly file for 2021 Q1, but due to data differences, swapped to 2021 Q2. I attempted to upload 3 different files, then attempted to use pandas and colab to stitch together 3 months worth of files, which also was problematics from an upload/retention standpoint. I imagine these issues are more related to being the "Free" version of tableau than anything else.  After issues uploading/retaining the 3 files for 2021 Q2, I abandoned that approach and settled on 2021-January only file for my analysis. 

For my storyboard, I decided to focus on Utilization, Station Metrics, Rider attributes and Date/Time useage metrics. A few observations: 

The utilization rate of bikes within the system is less than 30% for most of the bikes in the system. Only 5 bikes total had a utilization rate greater than 50% for the given month. This might indicate that too many bikes/too much capacity resides in the system, though a more in-depth analysis by station may reveal that some stations have better utilization rates than lower-traffic stations. 

The top 5 stations for starts were also the top 5 stations for destinations, indicating that most traffic flows through these 5 "key stations". These stations would require greater bike counts on hand to handle the throughput of ridership than most other stations. 

Ridership Attributes shows that Males are significantly more likely to use the bikes than females at a little under a 2.5-1 rate for the period sampled. A spike in the Birth Year Trip Counts graph indicates that there would either be a large number of users born in 1970, or that there may be some erroneous data (i.e. a default date of 1/1/1970) skewing this particular plot. Without the underlying data, it is difficult to say for sure, but could be determined with a look at the direct birthdate field in the underlying database. Bike usage heavily favors subscriber users, at a 6-1 rate. 

Trends of bike usage by day and time show that bikes are generally in major use betweek 6 AM and 8 PM Daily, with one-off users being more prevalent in the afternoon hours. By Day of week, subscribers seem to pick up Thursday-Saturday, while one-off customers see a large jump in ridership mainly on Saturdays. 